Now we need to optimize.
We have already edited.
And as with the other services on the server, if you make a change to the configuration file, you
need to restart that service.
There are few directives we are going to change.
We are going to change the upload max file size to 100 megabytes.
Once you have set up your site, drop that value back to around 16 megabytes.
The same goes with the post max size.
We're going to set it to 100 megabytes.
Once you've set up your site, you've uploaded your theme's, your plugins, your media.
Change the value back to a lower value of around sixteen megabytes.
The max execution time is the maximum execution time allowed for each script.
Certain resource limits may need to be adjusted.
If your site is using commercial themes or plugins, please consult the theme or plug ins documentation
or contact the theme or plug in.
Support the max execution times default value is thirty seconds.
We will leave it at thirty seconds.
The same applies for the max input time.
That is the maximum amount of time each script may spend.
Passing Request Stata.
Some commercial themes and plugins require you to increase the max input value.
We will leave it at the default of sixty seconds.
The Max Input Variables Directive helps to reduce the severity of a denial of service attack using hash
collisions.
It limits the number of input variables your server can use for a single function.
With a WordPress site set the value to three thousand.
A higher value reduces the possibility of issues with theme options.
You will need to uncommented the Max Input Variables directive and change it to three thousand.
The memory limit sets the maximum amount of memory a script to make one assume we're going to increase
the limit to two hundred and fifty six megabytes.
CD slash etsi off to change into the Etsy directory.
We will change to the directory.
Inside the directory there's a directory called Seven Point for change to that directory.
Inside the seven point four directory, there's a directory called FPM Change to that directory once
in the FBI directory.
The file we want to edit is Dot Einai.
We have already created the backup copy of that file when we secured.
Please make a note of the path to DOT.
I know it's much easier if you know the path and you can type the path all in one.
For example, CD slash Etsy slash P seven point four FPM and enter much easier than changing to the
one directory list.
The contents change to the next directory.
The contents make a note of the path to important configuration files.
Sudo nano dot.
I know I control w we need to search for upload, underscore, max, upload, max file size, etc. two
megabytes, remove the two and change it to one hundred controlled w.
We want to search for post underscore Max, change the post max size from eight megabytes to 100 megabytes
the max execution time and the max input time.
We will leave at the default values control w max underscore input max input time control w press enter
max input time little way down max input variables uncommented change the one thousand to three thousand.
You can scroll down to the memory limit from one hundred twenty eight.
Increase it to two five six control w.
I want you to type in up cache.
Up cash is a cash engine built into it dramatically increases the performance of your WordPress sites
with cash disabled, your sites will face major performance issues as it takes time to compile all the
scripts on every request.
The human readable code needs to be converted to machine language, request after request.
This process will be followed and it will lead to huge performance issues with up cash enabled.
The process of converting human readable code to machine language will run and then the result will
be cashed up.
Cash improves the performance by storing pre compiled script bytecode in shared memory, removing the
need for IP to load and pass scripts on each request.
This will give you a dramatic performance boost and reduce your site loading time significantly.
We can configure up cash by modifying the directives in the sport einai file.
There are four directives that we are going to edit cache.
Memory consumption is the maximum memory available to op cache.
We are going to set it to 192 megabytes.
The op cache in turned string's buffer uses a technique called string.
In turning to improve performance, it saves memory and improves performance.
We are going to set it to sixteen megabytes.
The op cache max accelerated files controls how many files at most can be held in memory at once.
It's important that your sites contain list files, then the value you set the max accelerated files
to.
This is a value that can be calculated.
After you install your WordPress sites, you will find the command in the PDF attached to the selector.
And finally, we have OPCs validate timestamps with validate timestamps, disabled OPCs revalidate frequency
is ignored and FB files are never checked for updated code.
This means that changes will not be implemented until you restart the FBN process.
Once you have enabled the cache, there are times when you will need to clear that up to clear the up
cache.
You can clear that up cache by restarting the BB seven point four.
If we process in the event you want to clear that up cache from the WordPress dashboard, you can install
the flash up cache, plug in or use W3 total cache.
The installation and configuration of W3 total cache is covered later in the course of cache enabled
equals one uncommented up cache.
Memory consumption, uncommented change the one two eight two one nine two.
The OPCs in turn strings buffer change eight to sixteen and uncommented the OPCs max accelerated files.
We will change to a prime number seven nine six three.
OPCs validate timestamps.
We will change to zero and uncommented.
You can close the Anei, saving your changes to the farm.
We've made changes to the EINAI, restart the FPM process.
Sudo system ctl restart seven point four hyphen if pm cd slash va slash w w w.
After you've completed the set up of your first WordPress site in the PDF attached to this lecture,
you will find the find command find period type F print grip and count.
We have no files in the slash va slash w w w because I reckon it will return zero after installing your
site, installing your themes, your plug ins, change to the slash va slash w w w directory.
That is the webroot on our server.
Copy and paste the fine command from the PDF.
Check the number that has returned.
That number must be less than the op cache max accelerated files.
You will find the command in the PDF that is attached to this lecture.
I'm going to repeat that as it's important.
After you've set up your WordPress site, you've installed your theme, you've installed all your plugins.
Change to the slash VA slash w w w directory.
Copy the fine command from the PDF that counts the number of PHP files in the slash will slash w w w
directory.
The number that has returned must be less than the op cache.
Max accelerated files.
So at this stage, I've installed a few WordPress sites, now I need to update the op cache Max Accelerated
Files Directive, the op cache, Max Accelerated Files directive must be greater than the number of
files.
So my first step is to count the number of files in the slash for slash W. w. W. directory.
I'm currently in my slash four slash W. w. W. directory.
The font command you will find in the PDF attached to this picture.
The file command will count the number of files in the slash for slash W..
W. W. directory.
The font command returns a value of Nonet five to looking at Anei.
My op cache max accelerated files is set to seven nine six three.
So I need to increase the cache max accelerated files value in dot i the value nonet five to ten thousand
is too close.
I'm going to rounded off and take it at 11000 in the PDF you will find the URL decoder dot if ah.
Now what we want to do is calculate the nearest prime number to eleven thousand.
The nearest prime number is eleven thousand and three, so in my iron, I feel I must change seven nine
six three two double one, double zero three.
The reason we use prime numbers is that prime numbers lend themselves to a natural hashing function.
So I always recommend that you set the value to a prime number.
You can close that iron by saving your changes.
Then you need to restart the process to enable the new max accelerated philes value.
It's most important you must check the number of files and ensure the number of files in slash bar slash
w w w are less than the value set for Akaash Max accelerated files.
In this section, we started the optimization process for Maria DBI and seven point four in the next
section, we will cover detailed Engine X configuration with reference to both hardening and optimization.